You've been watching me for so long and you haven't seen enough
Can't see enough
I never found you so beautiful before
It doesn't matter.
Now it is found that more than
How are you doing recently?
Now is the spring cold communication
This time of year is the hardest
Then I'll treat you again tonight.
It's inconvenient tonight
Ouch, this girl
There are a few days every month
You have to get people to say it
Um, okay, okay, okay.
Is it convenient for you?
Okay, so let's talk about projects first. Hmm?
We are now in control of the Qin family
It's the finishing touches.
And this time this project
I am the best finishing machine
Are you trying to use this project as bait?
You invest diligently
Last call
Right